# Light-Weigh-Layout Blocks - The base collection
|               |                                           |
|---------------|-------------------------------------------|
| Contributors: | FSG a.k.a ManiaC                          |
| Tags:         | guttenberg blocks layout                  |
| Tested up to: | 6.8                                       |
| Stable tag:   | 1.0.0                                     |
| License:      | GPL-3.0                                   |
| License URI:  | https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html |

## Description
This is collection of blocks for WordPress Guttenberg editor. It is designed to provide a light-weight layout without an excessive wrapper elements that actually serves nothing other than wasting CPU time and heating up the planet's atmosphere.

Blocks are comes without any CSS in hope that all styles will be written from scratch for each particular project.

Some blocks are designed to restrict content editor to follow a certain data structure.

### The base collection
Provides several generally used blocks such as ``<SECTION>``.

## Development
This project use node.js for build. Thus, unfortunatelly, you shall to install it and let it download that over-fattened-up node_mosdules folder.

All important sources are inside the ``src`` folder. Also ``package.json`` is mandatory. The rest is autogenerated by npm.

To start developing, run ``npm start`` in the plugin's root folder. (Use separate terminal or demonize this process by ``npm start&`` or using pm2 - npm's daemon process manager. However, to see its output is useful to track errors on rebuild of modified sources.)

*NOTE: the plugin itself doesn't need the* ``node_mosdules`` *to work. It's just for development. Furthermore, you could easily remove both* ``node_mosdules`` *and* ``package-lock.json`` *until you really need'em.* **But don't delete the** ``package.json`` **!** If you lost/delete * ``node_mosdules`` *, just run* ``npm install`` *in the plugin's root folder.

*TIP: Think it's a good idea to not grant/revoke the group permissions to www-data (or whatever your webserver runs) and revoke "other's" permissions (that are set by default):* ``chmod -R o-rwx node_modules``.

*IMPORTANT NOTE: Some of files into the* ``node_mosdules`` * must has exec permissions for you current user. If you got "permissions denied" when run* ``npm start`` *, just remove* ``node_mosdules`` *and* ``package-lock.json`` * and then run* ``npm install`` *in the plugin's root folder: all needed files will be restored with correct "x" permissions.*
